---
layout: post
title: "Week Fourteen"
published: true
---
This is it, the last week of classes.

1. What did you do this past week?

	On Monday, we finished up the last day of lecture with abstract type and prototype patterns and learned about clone in Java. Wednesday marked the beginning of the group presentations and class attendance dropped dramatically after that. 
  
2. What's in your way?

	I don't see any obstacles as of right now besides myself getting down to business and studying for this final test this coming Thursday. I am aiming for a certain score, but there is a lot of material I still don't seem to understand. 

3. What will you do next week?
 
	Our presentation is this week. Now everything is depending on this last test, so I will be spending most of my days this next week studying for it. Seeing as there was a lot of coding in the last test, I will practice 

Tip of the week:

  One test taking strategy I got from one of my professors last semester was to chew on some kind of peppermint whenever you're studying, and right before the actual test chew on the same flavor. Supposedly that helps you remember the things you studied. It was a bit more convenient last semester though because it was Christmas season and there were candy canes everywhere for cheap. Coffee works too.
  
  I really enjoyed this class. It was a challenge for sure and the quizzes were difficult to ace, but it was a new experience from the previous CS classes I've taken here at UT.
  
  Good luck on our final test this week! You've made it this far! You can do it! 
