Hello everyone! 

I hope you've had a good week. Here is my blog entry.

# What did you do this past week?
	I learned about the different behaviors of immutable types (tuple, str, frozenset) and mutable types (list, dict, set) and types. Outside of class, I learned how to program in python as I struggled through the Collatz project. But as hard as it was for me, it was also one of the most fun projects I had fun doing. I was able to interact and ask questions, meeting new people in the lab. It was exciting. I enjoyed collaborating with others and bonding over failed git merges.
# What's in your way?
	Once again, my biggest challenge is balancing time between classes and reviewing programming languages. 
#What will you do next week?
	I will be more diligent in reviewing the google doc and catching up with the readings. I hope to get started with the second project with a partner by Wednesday. 

Tip of the week: 
This week, I learned about Agile development. Many of you may already be familiar with this type of workflow, but for those who are not, these two videos provide a great introduction.

[https://youtu.be/0iA8uPieRF0 What is agile? What is scrum? An Introduction]
[https://youtu.be/9TycLR0TqFA Introduction to Scrum - 7 Minutes]

In an Agile environment, a team made up of a product owner, a scrum master, and a team of developers. Instead of the traditional waterfall method, the team works for a short period of time (sprint) towards producting a potentially shippable product. The product owner represents the client and writes user stories, goals the client wants to accomplish, and prioritzes them on a product backlog. The scrum master then takes this product backlog and keeps the team on task by removing all impediments. The scrum master keeps track of the team through quick daily scrum meetings where team members answer three questions:
** What did I do yesterday that helped the development team meet the sprint goal?
** What will I do today to help the development team meet the sprint goal?
** Do I see any impediment that prevents me or the development team from meeting the sprint goal?
