---
layout: post
title: "Week Five!"
published: true
---
Hi! I hope you've had a good week!

1. What did you do this past week?
	We finished the project! In just a little over half the estimated time my partner and I estimated! I realize I like pair programming a lot. I hadn't programmed using this method in a while, not since 312, so it took a while to get used to, but it was very helpful to get feedback and see where my logic/method doesn't make sense. I am very thankful towards Kierra for being patient with me. No guest speakers this week unfortunately, but I did learn about more about generators and iterators. I learned how lambda works.
	

2. What's in your way?
	I have 2 tests this week in other classes besides SWE and as always, I struggle with juggling time between my different classes. I don't forsee any other obstacles besides time. I think I have enough resources to study for our upcoming test so far. 

3. What will you do next week?
	There's no project due the same day as the test, thankfully. I've had many classes where there's a project, at times even homework too, due within the same week as a test for the same class. I will take this extra time to start reviewing the concepts we've been learning thus far in addition to going over the readings. 
	

Tip of the week: 

I'd like to share an article I found this week: [10 tips to go from a beginner to an intermediate developer](http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/software-engineer/10-tips-to-go-from-a-beginner-to-an-intermediate-developer/). Being new at software development, I realize I have a lot to learn, but there's just so much to learn! A million different paths to take! Where do I begin? I think this article points someone like me in the right direction. And to apply the first tip, I think I'll start learning .NET this week. I might not be able to dedicate a lot of time into it, as I'm expecting a pretty packed week with tests and assignments due, but in the words of Karen Lamb, "a year from now, you may wish you had started today."

Wise words!
