---
layout: post
title: "Week Twelve"
published: true
---
Happy Twelfth Week!

1. What did you do this past week?

	This week, I met up twice with the group to start working on the final iteration of our project. We came up with user stories using the planitpoker site specified in the project specifications and worked to get out site up and running again after the Carina reboot on this past Tuesday. In class, we learned more about mysql and its functions: aggregation, insertion, deletion, and update. We went through examples of more databases and the stores java files. 
  
2. What's in your way?

	The quizzes! I need to step up my quiz game. I am having trouble understanding the different mysql commands and how different ways don't work as you expect them to.

3. What will you do next week?
 
	I will be working with the team to finish up the last leg of this project. I have started creating and organizing the slides for our presentation. It's been really fun and interesting to look back on everything we've accomplished together these past few weeks to produce our very own website. I expect the search function to give us a bit of trouble, but I have confidence that we'll be able to figure it out. Go team!

Tip of the week:

Check out the [MIT App Inventor](http://appinventor.mit.edu/)! The MIT App Inventor is basically an online app maker created by people from Google in 2009. When Google Labs closed, the team moved the project over to MIT and here they are now. Its purpose is to make app creation easier for everyone, especially the younger generation to have access to software that can let them transition from simply just being a consumer of technology to becoming a creator of technology!

Have a great week!
