---
layout: post
title: "Week Eight!"
published: true
---
Sorry for the lateness! The first few days of spring break has been quite busy.

1. What did you do this past week?

	I received my results for my very first test in SWE. And unfortunately my feelings about how well I think I did turned out to be true. That is, I didn't do so well. However, I do feel more prepared on what to expect for the next test and I've learned what I need to improve upon. I accomplished my goal of quickly finding a group and getting started on the project. We've decided to narrow down our topic to New York Time bestsellers. It's not the most exciting topic, certainly not as exciting as arrests in the NFL, but I do like books. And it's not about the topic, but what skills my team and I will be learning as we build this website together.
	Class-wise, we went over the specifications for Project #3 and had Everett Toews
from Rackspace come to introduce us to Carina. I'm still a little confused about Carina. I don't know how I feel about her. And no class Friday! Thank you!

2. What's in your way?

	Carina. I need to get to know her. And Docker. I have not encountered Docker before either so I'll be spending some time this Spring Break learning about these two. I think lack of familiarity with the tools we're using with Project #3 will be our biggest obstacle as a group. We're very grateful we have Richey who's well-versed in Flask, but the rest of us have quite a bit of learning to do. As project leader for this iteration, I think part of my job will be to connect each person with the resources they'll need to learn about the tools they'll be using or at least make sure they have a good understanding of what they're doing. 

3. What will you do next week?

	I will be enjoying my spring break, spending time with family, but still doing some learning on the side. 
	

Tip of the week: 

To help with Project #3, here are two sites with free Bootstrap themes!

[1](https://bootswatch.com/)

[2](http://html5up.net/)

I am waiting for a response to check if we are allowed to use a theme for our project's site, so you may or may not be able to use these, but if you open their live demos and right click on the page, you will be able to view its page source or inspect its HTML/CSS. This is helpful for learning how to implement certain looks/features you like. I hope this helps!

¡Felices vacaciones de primavera!
