---
layout: post
title: "Week Thirteen"
published: true
---
It's the thirteenth week and two more weeks left of school to go!

1. What did you do this past week?

	This week, my group and I finished and submitted the final iteration of our project. IBDB.ME is finished! I feel so relieved, but I did really enjoy working with the team and creating something tangible with them. This is why I majored in CS, to created things like these. In class we went over method overriding, dynamic binding, singleton patterns, and reflections. I'm a bit upset at myself over the quizzes, especially the one for method overriding which we took on Wednesday, I believe, because I would have chosen the correct answer if only I had read the question more thoroughly. This week, I will definitely be more careful.
  
2. What's in your way?

	I would like to understand more of singleton patterns and reflections. I would like to look at more examples. I think I'm falling behind on the many different store examples. I don't really understand the changes from one store to the other because I get lost in class. 

3. What will you do next week?
 
	This week we will be starting presentations. My group is more or less finished with ours, but we will be dividing it up more precisely, maybe even practice. I would like to go at least one study session if I can to ask the TAs about the concepts we've been going over in class that I'm not understanding and I will be catching up on the reading and summarizing concepts found there.

Tip of the week:

We've been doing a lot in Java and I needed a refresher. It's been a while since I've coded in Java, not counting minimal Java code in Android apps, so here's a really useful [cheatsheet](http://introcs.cs.princeton.edu/java/11cheatsheet/)! Enjoy! 

