---
layout: post
title: "Week Six!"
published: true
---
Hello!

1. What did you do this past week?

	We learned many different ways of passing arguments into functions. I have a vague idea of how it works and the different rules, but I don't think my understanding is as solid as it needs to be for the test. I'll be on the lookout for a good website explaining these tokens ( =, *, **) and go over the code examples in class. Maybe other people's blog posts will shed some light as well. A guest speaker came in on Wednesday, Conrad Stoll from Mutual Mobile. My main takeaway was to get more involved in open source, using what others have built so as not to waste time reinventing the wheel and contributing back to the community. Friday helped me identify the gaps in my knowledge of creating classes in python. I will also be making myself more familiar with that for the test.
	

2. What's in your way?

	SWE is the only midterm I have this week, but I have a lot of meetings going on. Right now, I need to create a study schedule and stick with it. 

3. What will you do next week?

	I will be studying for this important test, increasing my mental capacity and understanding of python! My studying will consist of going over the topics found in Piazza, taking notes from the readings, rereading the papers, and finding additional explanations online. I've found that I understand a lot more using visual learning methods like animated Youtube videos. 
	

Tip of the week: 

Studying for the test? Need help understanding all those python datatype like I do? Have a look at [this](http://www.diveintopython3.net/native-datatypes.html) article!

¡Mucha suerte!
