---
layout: post
title: "Week Ten"
published: true
---
I apologize for the lateness. I had quite a busy weekend last week. Our church's pastor and wife were returning to California on Monday, so we had a huge farewell for them on Sunday. Our pastor's wife had undergone three surgeries in the past seven months and the last surgery was to take out a tumor, later determined to be cancer. We're definitely missing both of them. They've been such blessings and pillars of strength in my life and many others', but it's better for her to get the treatment and recover where she can be surrounded by friends and family. I hope one day I can visit them and be reunited.

1. What did you do this past week?

	I did more work on [IBDB.ME](http://ibdb.me/). It was mainly work on the scraper using Mechanize and Beautiful Soup. More information on these two python packages will be in the Tip of the Week section of this post.

2. What's in your way?

	I haven't been able to work contribute to working with the database on our Carina cluster or to even develop locally for a while. My machine, both on my Windows and Linux partition, is having trouble making Docker work. I think it has something to do with my DNS server, but I've tried many different solution and no luck so far. For a quick fix, one of my teammate has helped me to set up a Vagrant virtual machine in the meantime. It's very frustrating not being able to figure out how to fix this issue.

3. What will you do next week?

	This next week my group and I will be finishing up the second iteration of IBDB.ME. Mostly it will be figuring out how to set up the database on Carina and then populating it using the API.

Tip of the week:

  It was really cool to find out how people have been able to scrape elements off a webpage. At first, one of my teammates recommended using [Requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/) and then using Beautiful Soup to parse through the HTML, but that didn't work. After searching online for an alternative, I found this [tutorial](http://palewi.re/posts/2008/04/20/python-recipe-grab-a-page-scrape-a-table-download-a-file/) on how to scrape a list of top ten album and displaying it in the form of a table.

Have a great week!
