---
layout: post
title: "Week Seven!"
published: true
---
I survived the test!

1. What did you do this past week?
  
  See above. On a more serious note, I did learn how to study better for this class. I realized what gaps I had in the material we've been going over so far. There was no class on the Friday right after the test, my thanks for that. On Monday and Wednesday we learned about decorators and closures. I found closures really fascinating and useful. I didn't know that it was even possible to do what they do.
	

2. What's in your way?

	I don't think I did too well on the test. I need to put more time into going over the material and start trying to write the methods myself instead of just looking at Github code posted on the Schedule. I think what's in my way is that I learn by doing and I don't really do a lot of that until right before a test or when working on a project. It's definitely something I need to work on. 

3. What will you do next week?

	This next week I will be looking over the project specifications for Project 3 and finding a group to work with. It'll be fun, I think. I'm really excited. I'm hoping to find a group quickly so we can get started before Spring Break. I'm trying to get as much done this week so that I can enjoy time at home without having to worry about coming back to a scary pile of deadlines. 
	

Tip of the week: 

[Freepik](http://www.freepik.com/) is a great resource for finding vector art, icons, illustrations, and photos for use in your website. The best thing about it is it's free! Check it out!

