---
layout: post
title: "Week Four!"
published: true
---
Hello! 

It's already the fourth week of school!

1. What did you do this past week?
	This week I learned that iterations can be strong or weak and the different functions in python that require different strengths. For example, reduce() and rmse() need only their sequences to be iterable, relatively weak compared to quicksort() which needs an indexable array. And on Friday, we learned about iterator objects and generators. So far, I think they're my favorite topic since because I understand the logic behind how they work. I enjoyed Wednesday's talk with Ben Porter from Main Street Hub and I look forward to other talks during the semester.

2. What's in your way?
	For the project, we are encountering issues with the cache implementation and passing Travis CI, so we'll definitely be there at the study sessions this upcoming week. For class, I need to catch up on the readings.

3. What will you do next week?
	My partner and I will be finishing up Project #2. As a personal goal this week I hope to get started on building the app I've been thinking about for a few weeks. The MAD workshops have been a great help getting me started, but now it's time for me to do my own research and exploration.

Tip of the week: 

Come join [Design Collective](https://www.facebook.com/groups/dsgncoll/) here at UT. They have meeting every Thursday from 6:30-7:30pm at GDC 4.302! Every week they teach design concepts or host tutorials focused on graphic design and UX. This upcoming week's workshop is over [color and type](https://www.facebook.com/events/949878165101574/)!

Have a great week!
