---
layout: post
title: "Week One!"
published: true
---



I am really excited to be taking this class. I have to admit, I am a little intimidated by all of this--the programming languages, the terms, and even the way Prof. Downing calls on individual students in class. I entered this class with the expectations that he calls on students during class, I had heard about it from friends who had taken his class in previous semesters, but it still surprised me when I heard my own name being called.

I blanked. I could feel my face heating up and I sat rigid in my chair just waiting for him to finish the explanation so I could sink back down into anonymity. Looking back, it was a fairly simply question and of course I knew what the arguments were and what they stood for in that function, but for the life of me I could not give an coherent answer in those few seconds.

I was grateful for Prof. Downing in that although I was not able to answer the question, I was not humiliated. He simply explained the answer. It was OK that I didn't know, better luck next time. This encounter is a prime example of one of the challenges I'm going to be facing in this class: social anxiety. In previous classes, I avoided being called on by the professor because I was not prepared and did not want to be embarrassed in front of the class for a mistake. In order to overcome this, I will definitely be doing the readings more, reviewing things we learned in 429/439, maybe even 314, and to start projects earlier. Last week, we were introduced to Python, some simple concepts, and our first project during Friday's lecture. I wonder what new things I'll learn in the next week?

TIP OF THE WEEK!

For this week, check out (https://atom.io/ "Atom")!

Atom is a text editor I discovered last semester at a hackathon. I still love Sublime, but this one's not so bad either. If you give it a chance, let me know how you like it.

See you next week!
