---
layout: post
title: "Week Dos"
published: true
updated: 2016-01-31
---

This week we learned how awesome unit tests were. Even if internal asserts fail, at least the other tests will run. It gives you a better grasp on why things go wrong when they unavoidably do. I haven't much experience in testing, but hopefully that's about to change. The use of asserts have finally clicked in my head in a way they've never clicked before thanks to the demos in class. I've seen them in code examples of previous CS classes, but I didn't know exactly why they were there and what they did. The cold, technical definition my friend and I got from looking it up in Google didn't mean much to me at the time. 
    As I learn, I also realize how much I don't know. I keep running up against a wall, partly in place because of my lack of familiarity with python, but also because I'm still trying to find the best way to juggle the time I spend on different classes and activities. This past week my evenings has been spent in mobile development or design workshops and class study sessions.
    Next week, I will definitely be proactive in planning my time, spending a lot of it in the study sessions provided by our wonderful TAs and office hours working on the Collatz project. I will be in the 3rd floor lab of the GDC making new friends. 
    
Tip of the week:
I've recently found this great blog run by software developers: [Toptal Engineering] (http://www.toptal.com/blog). They feature not only technology announcements, but also guides and tutorials.

See you next week!
