---
layout: post
title: "Week Fifteen"
published: true
---

It's over.

This has been a challenging, but great semester of growth and learning. CS373, or SWE as we more commonly refer to the class, was the first upper division course I have taken after 439. I liked it. The end result was a working website that I could play around with. It's a far cry from the first CS course I had ever taken which was 312. No more running around panicking about how to write a simple Java function. I learned so much, about how to build a web application from the ground up and how to work as a part of a team. I am thankful to everyone on my team for being patient and putting up with me. 

1. What did you do this past week?

	Monday was our presentation. We went first and I think it went well. We were a little under 15 minutes, but we convered all that we needed to. I was curious about how the other team after us would critique our work. They were quite merciful.
  
2. What's in your way?

	I definitely need more experience self-teaching myself new tools. For these last few projects, I had the chance to explore Flask, Angular, front-end tools, and APIs, but I would have wanted to spend more time experimenting with those tools. I don't think I learned them as well as I wanted to. I need to also fix the dependencies that keep on creating errors while downloading and using various tools. I was not able to work on the database and Carina because it simply would not work on my computer. 

3. What will you do next week?
	
	I will be anxiously awaiting my grade for our final test and studying for my other finals. 
 
	
Tip for the Future:

  [These 20 Questions Will Improve Your Self-Awareness](https://medium.com/life-learning/these-20-questions-will-improve-your-self-awareness-bd531696541f#.oepvo5ta4)  is a good article to read while taking a brain break. Self-awareness is something I've been working towards this past semester too. It's surprising, how many moments in my life just pass me by. This tip is not directly related to software engineering, but we're all people. We don't live in a bubble with no one around us being affected by our actions. And as people, we have moments when we question why we live the way we do, we question our beliefs, we question what we're doing still being CS majors. I think everyone owes it to themselves to be self-aware. Your life is important. Live it the best way possible.
