---
layout: post
title: "Week Twelve"
published: true
---
It's week 12! Another step closer to graduation for a lot of us!

1. **What did you do this past week?**

	This past week, we looked at inheritance through the Shape class example and its relationship to the class Circle. We also went over Project #5. My partner and I started earlier in the week and have been able to get pretty far along. We didn't really understand how the Cell handler class fit in with the other classes at first, but the in-class explanation helped.
  
2. **What's in your way?**
	
	Right now, I would like a better understanding of how handler classes work. I have a vague idea from working on it in Project #5, but I think I'd like another application. I think understanding handlers would help me a lot with understanding how to approach the transformation from Fredkin cell to a Conway cell.
  
3. **What will you do next week?**
	
	This week, I look forward to finishing the Life Project. I don't have a lot of other things in my classes right now that are due, thankfully.
  
4. **What is your experience of this class?**
	
	I really liked the projects we worked on this semester. They tie in with what we learn by providing opportunities to apply the object oriented principles we learn in class. 
	
**Tip-of-the-Week:**

As a carry over of that one blog post I had over how to have better conversations, in my CS ethics course, we saw this video that I'd like to share with y'all about body language. This [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4APA9_qtu4A) features Janine Drive, the author of You Can't Lie to Me, on Anderson teaching us 10 Ways to Use Body Language to Get What You Want.

Have a great week!
