---
layout: post
title: "Week Four"
published: true
---
Hello! Welcome back to my blog.

1. **What did you do this past week?**

    This past week I finally got a chance to configure my laptop! I was able to pick up my laptop a day early and I was so excited, I started the process of getting Docker set up on my machine as soon as I got home. I think it was fairly easy to figure out how, especially with the hints from Piazza and the provided tutorial. I was also excited to get started on the next project. However, things didn't pan out as I hoped and I will be talking more about that in the next section. I was able to get started on Project 2, and I'm glad I did. 
    
2. **What's in your way?**

    I am not doing well on the quizzes and I still don't understand the topic of addresses and pointers with the use of * and &. Also I procrastinated to asking around for a partner and as a result did not find one. I think I could still find one if I tried even now, but with my schedule this week, I think it's best if I just took this lesson I learned and applied it to the next project. 
     
3. **What will you do next week?**

    This next week, I will go to office hours to ask about passing in pointers, *, and &. I want to understand them once and for all especially since I would like to use them in this currect project. I'm working on finishing Voting. 
    
4. **What is your experience of this class?**

    This project was harder than I anticipated. I am worried about finishing on time and submitting to HackerRank with the correct results. I think it would have helped if I had followed Prof. Downing's advice and gotten a partner, so I will be doing that next project.
  
Tip-of-the-Week:
    Be humble and honest about where you are. This week, I think I fell into the pitfall of thinking I could do this on my own, that I didn't have to be proactive in searching for a partner because I could do this on my own anyway. I need to come into office hours to further clarify pointers. I think it's hard for me to ask questions because I don't want to reveal how lost I really am at times, but I want to learn and in order to do that I will need to let go of my pride and ask.  
  
Good luck on the project!
