---
layout: post
title: "Week One!"
published: true
---

Hello! Welcome to my blog for this semester's CS 371p class. Here, I will be documenting my experience as a student in object-oriented programming.

1. What did you do this past week?
    This past week I was able to understand the beginning concepts of OOP and a little about C++. I have not worked in C++ before, but I think it wouldn't be too hard to pick up after knowing other languages. I've also learned people's names, which will be useful in the future for our upcoming pair projects. I'm excited for this class!

2. What's in your way?
    Right now, time is in my way. I am taking a language course and working, so I will definitely have to be on top of my schedule in order to do well and really take advantage of the opportunity to learn in this class. 

3. What will you do next week?
    This next week I will be starting on the Collatz project and setting up Docker just as soon as I get my laptop. For now, I think I'll stick to working in the labs. 
  
4. ***What is your experience of this class?***
    I like this class so far. One of the reasons I took it was because I enjoyed SWE (another class taught by Downing). SWE was hard work in that it required me to put in lots of effort and forced me to stretch myself beyond what I thought I could do. I think that class really prepared me for my internship by simulating a similar environment where I was required to work with a group, under pressure. 

Pick of the week: 

This summer, I learned about the API tool, [Postman](https://www.getpostman.com/). I used this tool to test the functionality of an API I helped to create as well as testing for the correctness of the program I used with that same API. The service is free and I haven't even been able to explore and try out all it's features! So if you read this post and end up using Postman, let me know how it is for you.

Have a great week!
