---
layout: post
title: "Week Six"
published: true
---
Welcome to my Week Six blog post!

1. **What did you do this past week?**
    
    This past week, we learned more about the differences between Java and C++ with regards to constructors and destructors and about classes and structs. The quizzes were a bit easier this week as well, so that was nice. 
 
2. **What's in your way?**
	
	Right now, I think knowing exactly which material to focus on for this upcoming test is in my way. I'm getting a better hang of pointers, so now, I want to know lambdas really well. 
    
3. **What will you do next week?**

	The biggest thing happening this week is the test on Thursday, so I'm focus most of my energy on that for this class. I will be reviewing the reading, writing the functions we went over in class, and going over the review that was posted on Piazza. I will be looking around for people to study with.
    
4. **What is your experience of this class?**

    Even though I did badly on the past two projects, I'm still holding on. I'm learning from my mistakes and I'm still enjoying class. I'll definitely write about my experience of the test in my next blog post. 
  
**Tip-of-the-Week:**
	My freshman year, I visited a learning specialist here at UT because I was struggling in Calculus. He introduced me to a way of quizzing myself as I studied for a test that really helped me not be overwhelmed by the volume of things I needed to study. You'll need notecards for this. For each term or concept, come up with a question or get with a partner or a group and come up with questions. Don't write the answers on the other side, but just write a hint or a reference point in the book, readings, or lecture notes you can turn back to. Then, in the days leading up to the test, take a few notecards at a time and go through them in your free time. This may while walking to class or before going to bed, just whenever you have time. This helps to chunk the material and mixes the topics up so your brain is used to encountering the topics in a different order from the review.
  
Hope this helps you! Good luck on the test!
