---
layout: post
title: "Week Eleven"
published: true
---
Welcome to Week 11! It's been tough (hence the lateness of this post), but I'm chugging along!

1. **What did you do this past week?**

	This past week, my Project #4 partner and I finished our project. I definitely understand gtest a lot more after last week. In class, we finished up the last few topics we needed to cover in the vector class and started learning about the wonderful move function. 
	
2. **What's in your way?**
	
	I think I'd like to have a better understanding of how everything we've learned about classes fit together. I did learn a lot of how it all works together in Darwin, but we've learning and are still learning a lot of new things I've never had to know. I'm hoping Life will help me to understand better.
    
3. **What will you do next week?**
	
	I just found a partner for Project #5. We will be meeting up and getting started on this next project. On a side note, I am also getting more involved with another CS class project I'm working on. I am trying to get PyQt5 on my machine. I've been encountering a lot of problems with installation, but I'm hoping I will have it running by the end of this week. 
	
4. **What is your experience of this class?**
	
	I'm excited! This will be our last project for this class. My past two experiences working with partners have been good, so I'm not as apprehensive about working in groups now. 
	
**Tip-of-the-Week:**

  Need to find vector graphics? [Freepik](http://www.freepik.com/) is a site that allows you to search for and use, with attribution of course, vector art, illustrations, icons, PSD and photos not just for any applications or websites, but print material too. I highly recommend you check it out. They have some really nice-looking stuff! For free!
  
Have a great week!
