---
layout: post
title: "Week Nine"
published: true
---
It's Week 9 already! We're in the last stretch!

1. **What did you do this past week?**

	This past week, unfortunately, I did not accomplish most of what I wanted to do. I was grateful for the break and on Saturday was able to spend time with family, but after that, not so much. For most of the break, I stayed in bed with a cold. I was able to take a peek at Project #3 and now know what I need to understand better.  
  
2. **What's in your way?**
	
	Because I was not wise with my time during Spring Break, it will be a struggle to keep up with my assignments for all my classes this week. I will need to use my time efficiently. For this class, I think the biggest obstacle is understanding how to implement the design with C++. I have an idea of what we're supposed to accomplish, but I have trouble with coming up with a design to implement because I'm not familiar with the language. I'm still getting used to the different things we need to watch out for.
    
3. **What will you do next week?**

	This next week, my partner and I will be working on finishing Project #3. I will be busy studying for tests and doing assignments for my other classes. 
    
4. **What is your experience of this class?**

	My experience of the class remains the same. I enjoy the projects, but acknowledge that they are challenging and require time commitment. 
	 
**Tip-of-the-Week:**

Honestly, I am running out of tips so I've been doing research trying to find new tips. While doing research, I found this Quora question asking [How can I stay healthy as a software engineer?](https://www.quora.com/How-can-I-stay-healthy-as-a-software-engineer). Many of us will be going into the workforce as a software engineer (I think) and I realize I myself have never thought about this question. Reading the answers, here is the list of the most common advice given:
  - Be active, at best 1-1.5hrs of activity. 
  - Don't eat too much. Often, a single serving is actually too much for one person, so just eat until you're not hungry anymore
  - Get enough sleep.
  - Stay away from sugary drinks.
  - Find a company that will help you with your health goals.
  - Sit properly.
While most of these tips are common sense and are for non-software engineers too, it was interesting to see this question asked. What do you think of these tips? Do you have any to add?

Good luck on the project! Stay healthy!
