---
layout: post
title: "Week Three"
published: true
---
Good morning!

1. **What did you do this past week?**

    Last week, I had planned to try out my own Pick/Tip of the Week and I did, kind of. I left my apartment too late and got stuck in traffic, so I ended up being late and thought it was too rude to interrupt the workshop by coming in. I'll try again some other time. Hopefully they offer another JavaScript intro course, and this time, I've learned my lesson. I did however attend a different workshop this weekend. I attended a beginner's course in how to set up your own backend for a website/application at this year's UTCS MAD Conference. However, I wouldn't quite categorize it as a beginner's course. The instructor went really fast and skimmed a lot of material I wouldn't have recognized as a freshman or sophomore. I was only able to follow along because I had taken SWE and had done related work at my internship. Still, it was a good summary and introduced me to Express, a framework that you can use on Node.js to speed up set up. Check out [MAD](https://txcsmad.com/) here at UT if you haven't yet. They're a great group of people who can help you get started or get better at developing mobile applications.
    
2. **What's in your way?**

     I will be finally getting my laptop this week, hopefully on Tuesday, so I think that will get the lack of personal machine on which I can develop from the comfort of my home situation will be resolved. That was in my way last week as had to schedule time to go into the CS lab. I think this week, I don't really have anything I can see in my way. We were able to go more in depth with pointers, addresses, and */&, and while it was difficult for me to follow, I think if I'm able to use the examples we did in class to review and experiment with, I'll be on my way to truly understanding the material.

3. **What will you do next week?**

  This week, I'll be focusing on learning the readings, maybe going into office hours to further clarify that I'm understanding how pointers and */& work, and setting up my laptop in time for Project #2. I think I have a partner in mind for this upcoming project already, and I'll be confirming that this week too. 
  
4. **What is your experience of this class?**

	I had fun doing that Collatz project even if I was short on time. I made mistakes and I learned from them and I'm looking forward to learning more this week and getting started on the next project.
  
 Pick-of-the-Week:
 [Sketch](https://www.sketchapp.com/) - Sketch is an application that allows you to easily design graphics for interfaces, websites, etc. It's quick and easy to use, allowing you more time to work on your project's functionality without sacrificing good design. As students, we can even get a [50% discount](https://www.sketchapp.com/store/edu/)! Unfortunately, it's currently available on the Mac only, but maybe one day, they'll expand to PCs. 
  
Have an awesome week!
