---
layout: post
title: "Week Thirteen"
published: true
---
Week 13 and only 2 weeks left to go!

1. **What did you do this past week?**

	This past week, we went over more inheritance rules and the differences and similarities of inheritance between Java and c++. In particular, we studied virtual methods and how that changed which method was called by children of a class. My partner and I also finished Project #5!
  
2. **What's in your way?**
	
	I think this week the pressure of finishing everything is on my mind. I'm planning to graduate this semester, so a lot is riding on these last two weeks. I need to plan my time wisely so I can study for the upcoming test in this class, but also finish an important semester project in my other CS class.
  
3. **What will you do next week?**
	
	This week, I look forward to starting to study for our last test. However, in the beginning of this week, I'll be focusing on my other classes since I have a lot of major tests or projects presentations due before or on Wednesday.
  
4. **What is your experience of this class?**
	
	Project #5 was more difficult than all the other projects, but I think it being challenging made it more fun and a better learning experience. This project did help me understand what we were learning during class about inheritance and handlers a lot better. It's a great hands-on experience. 
	
**Tip-of-the-Week:**

I've mentioned and recommended PyQt as a python GUI in one of my blog posts before, but that didn't actually work out too well for me. It wasn't building correctly on my machine and after hours of trying to troubleshoot, we decided to move on to Tkinter. [Tkinter](https://www.python.org/download/mac/tcltk/) is basically the same as PyQt and actually has less capability, but for my team's purposes, we just need it for a simple and quick display for a SQL database. It's working so far and if you encounter the same issue I had with PyQt, this is a good python GUI alternative to keep in mind.

Have an awesome week!
