---
layout: post
title: "Week Fourteen"
published: true
---
This is it, our last week is coming up. As I am also graduating this year with no plans (at least right now) to enter grad school, this may also be my last week of college. 

1. **What did you do this past week?**

	This past week, we looked more into how handler classes, such as the one we created for Project #5, managed pointers to abstact classes. We also looked at static binding, pure virtual methods, and pure virtual destructors.
  
2. **What's in your way?**
	
	I am worried about how well I can do on this upcoming test. I'll need a good score in order to graduate, but I also have a test, program, and paper in my other CS class where I also need good scores in order to graduate. What's in my way is time and understanding the recent concepts we talked about in class.  
  
3. **What will you do next week?**
	
	This week, I will be studying intently for the upcoming test on Thursday and also finishing up papers and studying for tests in other classes. I can hopefully contribute to the google doc Ty Trusty posted and get started on a page of notes for myself too.
  
4. **What is your experience of this class?**
	
	Overall, I really liked this class. It's challenging, but is helpful to get you used to the workflow of a software engineering project. And I mentioned this before, but I also like how we are able to incorporate the OOP principles we learn about in class to our projects. Downing is a good professor because I feel free to ask questions in class and on Piazza too. Class if fun and I enjoy going to it. I would try to come to every class even if we didn't have quizzes. 
	
**Tip-of-the-Week:**
No doubt there will be a huge lack of sleep for everyone this week. There's just not enough time to cram every single thing from every single class in 24 hours. How can we maximize sleep or at least feel rested enough with a small amount? Disclaimer: I don't know if this is actually true, but I've tried it and when I did, I felt more rested when I woke up (placebo effect?). There is a site called [sleepyti.me](http://sleepyti.me/) and it's based on the assumption that if we wake up at the right time, in between certain sleep cycle stages instead on in the middle of one, we feel more rested. I study better when I wake up on the right side of the bed, so hopefully now you can feel more rested too!

Good luck on your last week of this semester and finals everyone! We can do it!
