---
layout: post
title: "Week Seven"
published: true
---
Welcome to Week 7, post-Exam #1!

1. **What did you do this past week?**

	This past week was filled with intense studying for the test of Thursday. In class, we learned about nested classes and wrote our own Range class using the Range Iterator we also wrote together. On Wednesday, I attended the talk held by Mutual Mobile and on Friday, I took advantage of no class on the day after the test and took a long nap.
 
2. **What's in your way?**
	
	I don't think I have anything in my way right now. 
    
3. **What will you do next week?**

	This week, I will be focusing on preparing for a test in my other CS class. I think if I have extra time, I will also get started on making practice questions of each lecture's main points or of that day's coding example. 
    
4. **What is your experience of this class?**

  	It was definitely a time commitment to study for this test. However, I don't think it would have taken up as much time if I had studied and practiced code examples that were posted along the way. I did better than I expected on the test. I didn't have much hope going in, but now I don't feel as anxious about my grade as before. 
  
**Tip-of-the-Week:**

 A problem I've noticed living with roommates is food waste. All of us have expressed that we wouldn't mind other people eating our food if we knew we wouldn't be able to eat it ourselves before it goes bad, but we just forget what we've bought or when they expire. I worked to create a possible solution, but encountered the problem of how to input each item. A possible way was to input items by taking pictures of your groceries. I found a visual recognition API that was free to mess around with. If visual recognition tech also interests you, check out Google's [Cloud Vision API](https://cloud.google.com/vision/)!

  
Have a great week! Only one more week until Spring Break!
