---
layout: post
title: "Week Ten"
published: true
---
It's Week 10! Only a month until graduation for us seniors!

1. **What did you do this past week?**

	This past week, I was coming back from an awesome weekend of training in California with my church. Unfortunately, I did miss Monday, so I was a little behind on the Darwin project specs and was unable to attend the Atlassian presentation. I will definitely be reading other people's blogs for their experience. During class, we went more in depth with writing classes.  
  
2. **What's in your way?**
	
	Once again, I anticipate a lot happening this week with my other classes and outside school activities. In addition to finishing the project due this week, I need to write a few essays, study for my language class, and meet up with people. Balancing my time will be a struggle. Project-wise, I think trying to find ways to work around the use of getters and setters will be a challenge.
    
3. **What will you do next week?**

	Thankfully I found a partner for this project. So far, we've worked together on the project twice. It's a different experience from working with my previous partner and I'm glad to be learning different ways of approaching solutions. My Project #4 partner and I will be continuing to work on the project this coming week.
    
4. **What is your experience of this class?**

	I'm enjoying working with a new partner! I've been learning different techniques. I wish I had tried harder to work with a partner on Project #2 as well and I'm glad Prof. Downing offers us this chance to learn from each other. I think it'll definitely be helpful as we enter the workforce.
	 
**Tip-of-the-Week:**

  This week, I'd like to share with y'all something I learned about this weekend: The Art of Conversation. I took this workshop thinking I was already pretty OK at talking to people, but little did I know I had a lot to improve on. Here's the TED talk we watched: [10 Ways to Have a Better Conversation - Celeste Headley](https://www.ted.com/talks/celeste_headlee_10_ways_to_have_a_better_conversation). Hope you enjoy! Try one of her suggestions and see how it transforms your conversations!
  
Have a great week!
