---
layout: post
title: "Week Two!"
published: true
---

Welcome back!

I'd like to start this week's blog post with my Pick/Tip of the Week. This week, I'm sharing about MeetUp. MeetUp is a site that faciliates the process of finding people with a similar interest and "meeting up" with each other offline. These meet ups are often local. According to their website, their goal is to "bring people together to do, explore, teach and learn the things that help them come alive". While I've been aware of MeetUp and have even joined groups since last summer, I haven't actually gone to one due to schedule conflicts or because I don't want to go alone. However, I've decided to try it this week, so I'll be going to an introduction to JavaScript crash course by the [Iron Yard Austin MeetUp group](https://www.meetup.com/The-Iron-Yard-Austin/events/236707966/). Wish me luck! I'll let y'all know how it goes next week.  

1. **What did you do this past week?**

    This week, we got a few more hints about how to get started on our project and make it better as we went over topics in class. I got to see example unit tests and met a new person sitting next to me. We also learned about different comparisons between pointers and objects. Those were tricky.

2. **What's in your way?**

    It's only the first week, but I wasn't able to catch up on the reading and missed some easy points on the quizzes. I found that I had trouble differentiating between pointers and objects as well. 

3. **What will you do next week?**

	I hope to make time to come to the lab and get started on the Collatz project. My laptop is still not ready and has been pushed back from being delivered until next week, so I'll be putting off figuring out Docker until then.
  
4. **What is your experience of this class?**

	So far, I've been managing the workload and time required for OOP alongside my other commitments. I'm learning useful things, so I'm glad I was able to get into this class. I'm a little worried about how I'll feel later in the semester, but I'm hopeful.
    
Have a great week and good luck on the project!
