---
layout: post
title: "Week Eight"
published: true
---
Welcome to Week 8!

1. **What did you do this past week?**

	This past week we were introduced to the concept of allocators and our next project which largely involves them. We also looked at constructors once again and when it is appropriate to pass in an int during the call.
 
2. **What's in your way?**
	
	This week is Spring Break, so I hope that my laziness doesn't get in the way of my goals for this break. I have yet to start on the allocator project and I may possibly have trouble understanding it and coming up with an implementatio. 
    
3. **What will you do next week?**

	This next week I want to put priority on spending time with my family and doing some reading that I have been neglecting to do this past semester. However, I also want to get ahead on the many things I have due the week after Spring Break. Hence, I also plan to do this class's reading ahead, start working on Project #3, and work on assignments for other classes.
    
4. **What is your experience of this class?**

	Last week wasn't too intense. The quizzes were a little better too, but I wish I didn't make silly mistakes. I don't know if I completely understand the lecture on Wednesday, but at least I have itime to go over it again and I can always post on Piazza. 
	
  
**Tip-of-the-Week:**

The week we had our test, we were encouraged to attend a talk held by Conrad and Dory from Mutual Mobile. One of the advice they gave was to start learning Swift. I want to, but I always have trouble finding where to start, so I searched around and found this [Swift tutorial](https://www.bloc.io/swiftris-build-your-first-ios-game-with-swift) that leads us through the basics of the Swift language while also guiding us through creating a fun Tetris-like game app. For those of you who have some free time this week, this would be a great simple and easy project. 

Be safe and enjoy your Spring Break everyone!
