---
layout: post
title: "Week Five"
published: true
---
These five weeks have gone by fast! 

1. **What did you do this past week?**

    This past week, we learned more about functions, different iterators, and casting. We also wrote a few functions like all_of. I worked on the second project. I am sad to say that I did not do well at all and all I'm hoping right now is that the graders will be able to give me at least some partial credit. I put in a lot of effort towards the project, but I also had other commitments that was taking up my time and energy. I did not finish the project or get more than one test running at HackerRank, but I did learn a lot more about programming in C++, passing in vector pointers, and unit testing, so it wasn't a complete disaster.
 
2. **What's in your way?**

    I am my own worst enemy when it comes to worrying about my grade. Especially since I need to graduate this semester, my not-so-great grades for this class is causing me to worry a lot which in turn affects my focus. I need to catch up on the reading and still need to find a time to go to office hours.
     
3. **What will you do next week?**

    This next week, I'm going to start going over the notes and the readings to start studying for the test. I am going to go to at least one office hour to talk about the class and what topics I'm stuggling with. I have a better understanding of pointers and addresses by now, but now I am struggling to understand lambdas. 
    
4. **What is your experience of this class?**

    It's frustrating not being able to do well on the projects and I am worried about passing this class, but I think I am in the minority. Most people seem to be managing well and I do like how challenging the projects are. I am learning a lot despite not doing so well.
  
Tip-of-the-Week:
  With our test coming up in the next two weeks, here's a tip I learned from my Probability and Stats professor: eat/smell peppermint while studying and while taking the test! While ingesting peppermint or peppermint-flavored candy is not required, studies have shown that the smell of peppermint stimulates the hippocampus part of our brain, enhancing our ability to pay attention and retain information. However, it could also be our brains associating certain information with the taste/smell of peppermint during studying, so that the same information is triggered during the test while you're chewing the same flavor gum.
  
Have a great week!
